[Music]
it was something infinitely more scary
than a piranha oh my goodness look at
that the strange ghostly shapes were a
kind of catfish called giant candy Ruth
normal Candiru are about the size of my
little finger so these ones are relative
monsters oh look at that it's got more
into the belly cavity that is one single
bite it just looks like he's bored a
hole straight into the gut of that fish
[Music]
no no possibly never again this calls
for a deadly 60 experiment okay
I'm gonna time how long it takes them to
devour this piece of steak just imagine
if you fell into the water how long
would it take before the Candiru started
attacking you they are possibly the most
grotesque most frightening fish I think
I've ever seen and then soon as I put
this bit of meat into the water that I
was so much out suddenly surrounded by
sieving White's great sauce they are
absolutely shredding it they just get a
grip with those teeth and then spin
their body round and round around and
pour into it like some insane living
drill bit do you reckons they'll
actually do this to a living animal some
of these waters at night can I take
piranhas off the deme 60 and put the
candle on instinct I have to say that's
one of the scariest wish I've ever seen
oh mistake to nothing in 48 seconds
sadly not go swimming in there